- Hi and welcome to this section.
In this section, we're going
to be learning about Python.
It's meant to be a refresher course.
So if you don't have absolutely
any Python experience
or any programming experience at all,
then this section may be a bit quick.
It may go through concepts
a bit too quickly.
And if that's the case, I would recommend
taking a beginner Python course first.
Now, if you have any
programming experience
or if you have any Python experience,
this section, I think,
will be perfect for you.
Because we're going to be
going over stuff quickly
but everything, I hope,
will be clear and concise.
That means it's not
going to take very long,
but you'll end the section
knowing essentially
everything you need to know about Python.
And once you've got that, it means that
programming REST APIs is
going to be really easy.
So this section, as I said,
is a Python refresher.
And I encourage you to
take it if you have little
Python experience.
And, I'll see you in
the next video really.
We're going to get started.